Didn’t you finally stop talking?
your your legs
Why did you stand up?
King Lin, are your feet healed?
Wait, don't ask me. What's impossible?
Are you a good foot for him?
What a grown-up, what a mean person.
Two items are perfect. I really don’t dare.
Father, father, when three thousand warriors trample through your hundred thousand residences, you win.
Did you see it?
Father, there are sons and ministers in one day
One day on Bianshou East Road
Offend me on the east road and follow the right path wherever you are
OK, I will wander eastward
Father, it’s hard to be sick even if you’re dead
I came here to be picked up and killed.
Who is the master of the Jingfu Emperor?
Don't make me stink, God of War
This is not the prince